The Universe


bypass to content material The Universe Menu + × accelerated collapsed home home UNLOCKING THE UNIVERSE “ keep in mind to appearance up on the stars and not at your feet “ The speedy Planet Mercury is the nearest planet to the sun. Mercury rotates on its axis very slowly-every day lasts 59 Earth-days discover greater discover the Morning star! Venus changed into the primary planet to be visited through a probe (Marnier 2), and the primary heavenly body on which a spacecraft landed (Venera 7) more approximately Venus the best Planet handiest Earth is in the ‘Goldilocks area’. keep in mind that tale where the woman didn’t like whatever too warm or too cold. ” simply right”? best Earth has water, life and the solar inside the “simply right’ sector. discover more The purple Planet Mars is the fourth closest planet to the sun. Mars orbits the sun once 1.88 Earth-years. discover extra the largest Planet Jupiter is the 5th closest planet to the solar. Jupiter orbits the sun as soon as in eleven.86 Earth-years. explore extra The Ringed Planet Saturn is the 6th closest planet to the solar. Saturn orbits the sun once in 29.forty six Earth years. explore greater The Ice large Uranus is the seventh planet from the sun. Uranus rotates on its axis on 17 hours ,14 mins. Uranus orbits the sun once in 84 Earth-years explore more The remaining Planet Neptune is the eighth planet from the sun. Neptune rotates on its axis once each 18 to 20 hrs. Neptune orbits the solar as soon as in 164.eight Earth-years. Arjun Motihar The Universe , Create a website or blog at WordPress.com Create your internet site with WordPress.com Get started out privateness & Cookies: This web page makes use of cookies. by using continuing to apply this internet site, you compromise to their use. To find out greater, inclusive of a way to manipulate cookies, see right here: Cookie coverage follow Following The Universe signal me up have already got a WordPress.com account? Log in now. The Universe customize observe Following join up Log in reproduction shortlink report this content material View put up in Reader manage subscriptions disintegrate this bar Loading remarks... Write a remark... e mail (Required) call (Required) internet site